[Music]
As the school year wraps up, we want to
take a moment to say thank you for a
very good year. And today, we are here
to celebrate everyone who made this year
so special. First, to our students, you
are the heart of everything we do. You
are the reason we do this work every
day, to help make sure your future is
full of possibilities. to our incredible
teachers, educators, support
professionals, school leaders, and
central office staff. Thank you.
And to our families and community
partners, we couldn't do this without
you. While summer brings a well-earned
break, and we do hope that you enjoy
every minute of that break. The work to
support our students keeps going. We're
already planning and preparing to make
next year even better. Enjoy a safe,
joyful, and relaxing summer. And thank
you for being part of the MCPS family.
Everyone, join us from all of us at MCPS
in the world of education. Happy summer.
[Music]